When I ran the code, the emulator was not able to run the code. There was an error message “Unexpected token: num (353) [line 159, column 4]”. I deleted the image lines of code that were creating an error and ran the code again. I then got am error message saying that the emulator couldn’t find DetailedWindow. I then changed DetailedWindow to win2. The emulator then said that there was error trying to find BackView. It seems that your variables created do not match the code written at the end of your code to add different views to windows. I think that there is an error with your add event listener, but I was having a hard time following your variables to figure out which applies to which window or view. 
I was unable to get your code to run in an emulator but I did evaluate your app based on the actual code that you wrote. It appears that you have win1, DetailedWindow, and MoreinfoWindow. I was able to see that you included your name, college, major, and contact information. Your next window has more detailed information such as what you enjoy doing, and what year you are in school. 
You seem to use a button system in the code to navigate between the different windows and views. I did notice that in your text you referred to the next window or view as a tab. For navigate and usability purposes, you may want to change that. 
 I was not able to get the code to display due to the errors with the event listener and the different variables. I tried running the code on iPhone 5s, and iPad 2. 
Overall, you seemed to have all of the requirements, there is just an error with your images, your variables and your event listener. 

